Mom, don't trust him.
They just want to cheat us out of our money.
You fools
Unexpectedly, my daughter who has been raised for 13 years
Is it from a poor family?
Also delivered to the front
His own daughter was also abused
You guys are really the best in the world
Elbow
Stupid, you said Tiantian is your biological sister
You already knew this
I'm afraid in this world
Only you Gu family don't know, right?
That is to say
It was you 13 years ago
Replaced the pilot's Tian Tian from the hand sun corpse
And went berserk, right?
Why are you so cruel?
Hahahaha
Just blame the beginning
Your family is occupying the hospital ward
No one saved Wei Wei
You deserve it.
Fortunately, I saved Wei Wei
Sent him to your Gu family
No, it doesn't.
Auntie, what are you talking about?
What does it have to do with him?
Mom, look at this woman
He's poor and dirty and vicious
How could he be my mother?
You are the only mother in my life